To assist with future tropical cyclone studies, we created and published open
source software with this dataset and accompanying
tools~\parencite{hurricaneexposuredata, hurricaneexposure}.  Many previous
studies have used geographical information system software (e.g., ArcGIS) to
assess exposure to tropical cyclones in the \ac{US}~\parencite{grabich2016,
zandbergen2009, czajkowski2011, kruk2010}.  Here, we offer methods to map and
output historic exposure to tropical cyclones that does not require the use of
proprietary software but instead uses a package written in the R statistical
programming language~\parencite{R}, which is free and open-source.  Further, by
including measurements of different hazard exposures in each county for each
tropical cyclone, this software allows for the development of more complex
exposure indices or models (e.g., random forests, multivariable generalized
linear models) that incorporate multiple tropical cyclone hazard measurements.  

[For discussion?] Based on these results, the two data sources were generally
in agreement, but the analysis highlights the difficulty of assessing
storm-related flooding at a multi-county, multi-year scale, as flooding can be
very localized within a county or can \ldots .   

However, these frequency maps, together with evidence from
specific tropical cyclones (Figures~\ref{fig:ivanexposure}
and~\ref{fig:jaccard}),  do illustrate the potential for strong differences in
spatial patterns in tropical cyclone exposures, depending on which tropical
cyclone hazards are considered.  A few previous studies have sought to
determine county-level exposure to tropical cyclones over multi-year periods,
including~\textcite{zandbergen2009}, which estimated exposure in \ac{US}
counties to all \ac{US} landfalling Atlantic-basin tropical cyclones
between~1851 and~2003, using both a distance-based metric and a metric that
combined distance and windspeed, and~\textcite{kruk2010}, which explored
exposure to hurricane-related winds in the \ac{US}, including inland areas,
for~1900\,--\,2008.  Our results suggest that such exposure assessments may
perform well in capturing some tropical cyclone hazards (e.g., wind), but
likely miss other potentially dangerous tropical cyclone exposures, especially
for hazards that repeatedly threaten northern or inland counties (e.g., rain,
flooding).

For example, distance from a tropical cyclone's track is relatively easy to
measure and has been used as an operational metric of exposure to tropical
cyclones in previous large-scale studies (examples include ...). Since distance
itself does not constitute a hazard, distance is meant in these cases as a
surrogate to capture exposure to hazards from the tropical cyclone. However,
here we found that in assessing \ac{US} county-level exposure to tropical
cyclones, distance is, at best, a moderate, and often a very poor, surrogate
for exposure to the specific tropical cyclone hazards of high wind, extreme
rainfall, flooding, and tornadoes (Figure~\ref{fig:jaccard}). Therefore, use of
distance to assess tropical cyclone exposure for impact studies could result in
problematic exposure misclassification, which could mask true associations,
even strong associations, between tropical cyclone exposure and outcomes of
interest in impact studies~\parencite{savitz2016interpreting,
armstrong1998effect}.  

The use of a single hazard-based metric (e.g., wind) could cause similar
problems if the impact is driven, at least in part, by a different hazard or by
multiple hazards of the tropical cyclone.

In creating this hurricane exposure dataset, we aimed for data that are
available for all eastern \ac{US} counties.

($<$90\% of counties classified into the same wind categories by the two
sources of wind estimates)

The wind radii, unlike the modeled wind speeds, are based on a storm-specific
re-analysis of available data. They therefore have the advantage that they can
capture unusual patterns in specific storms; their main disadvantage is that
they provide categorical, rather than continuous, estimates of wind speed, and
in many cases researchers might prefer more precise estimates of storm wind
speeds. However, since the wind radii data may be useful in some cases as
either a primary metric or for sensitivity analysis, we have included
county-level wind estimates for each storm based on these wind radii, in
addition to the continuous modeled windspeeds, in the open-source data
\parencite{hurricaneexposuredata}.

between county-level classifications of tropical cyclone exposure was typically
low to moderate across the  five exposure metrics we considered 

If measurements of one storm hazard are used as a proxy to capture exposure to
a different hazard, or a non-hazard proxy like distance to the storm track is
used to assess exposure to storm hazards, the resulting exposure
misclassification could be differential (i.e., associated with the outcome of
interest or with factors associated with risk of the outcome of interest). 



