\section*{Discussion}

Tropical cyclones impact public health in many ways, and epidemiological
studies of the health risk and impacts associated with tropical cyclone
exposures could help improve preparedness for and response to future tropical
cyclones.  However, tropical cyclones are multi-hazard events, making it more
complicated to measure exposure compared to other weather
exposures like temperature and precipitation. Here, we find the county-level
tropical cyclone exposure assessments vary substantially when using a
distance-based metric versus four hazard-based metrics, as well as among
different hazard-based metrics. Our results can inform exposure assessment for
future county-level studies of the health risks and impacts associated with tropical cyclones
exposures, and the data and software we have created to accompany this article
provides multi-hazard, county-level exposure data for multiple tropical cyclone
hazards for such studies.

Distance from a tropical cyclone's track is relatively easy to measure and has
been used as an operational metric of exposure to tropical cyclones in previous
large-scale studies (examples included in Figure S1). Since distance itself
does not constitute a hazard, distance is meant in these cases as a surrogate
to capture exposure to hazards from the tropical cyclone. However, here we
found that in assessing U.S.  county-level exposure to tropical cyclones,
distance is, at best, a moderate, and often a very poor, surrogate for exposure
to the specific tropical cyclone hazards of high wind, extreme rainfall,
flooding, and tornadoes (Figure \ref{fig:jaccard}).  Therefore, use of distance
to assess tropical cyclone exposure for impact studies could result in
problematic exposure misclassification, which could mask true associations,
even strong associations, between tropical cyclone exposure and outcomes of
interest in impact studies \citep{savitz2016interpreting, armstrong1998effect}. 

In some cases, this exposure misclassification may be differential (i.e.,
associated with the outcome of interest or with factors associated with risk of
the outcome of interest). For example, tropical cyclone wind exposures tend to
be concentrated in counties near the coast, since most tropical cyclones
rapidly decrease in sustained windspeed following landfall. However, tropical
cyclone exposures based on distance can extend well inland, following the
tropical cyclone's tracks, but may not adequately capture all wind-exposed
counties near the coast. In this case, if the etiologically-relevant exposure
is high wind but exposure is classified based on distance, the probability of
being misclassified as unexposed would be higher in coastal counties, while the
probability of being misclassified as exposed would be higher in inland
counties. If coastal counties differ from inland counties in either the outcome
of interest or in factors associated with risk of that outcome, differential
exposure misclassification would exist \citep{savitz2016interpreting}. Such
differential exposure misclassification can bias estimates of tropical cyclone
effects either towards the null (estimating a lower or null association
compared to the true association that exists) or away from the null (estimating
a larger association than actually exists) \citep{savitz2016interpreting,
armstrong1998effect}. The use of a single hazard-based metric (e.g., wind)
could cause similar problems if the impact is driven, at least in part, by a
different hazard or by multiple hazards of the tropical cyclone.

Our findings---that county-level tropical cyclone exposure assessment varies
substantially when different exposure measurements are considered---aligns with
previous research from atmospheric science and related fields on the
characteristics of tropical cyclones. While tropical cyclone rainfall and
windspeed are often well-correlated when the tropical cyclone is over water
\citep{cerveny2000}, this relationship often does not remain as strong once the
hurricane has made landfall \citep{jiang2008}.  Fast-moving tropical cyclones
bring higher risks of dangerous winds inland \citep{kruk2010}, while
slow-moving tropical cyclone are likely to bring more rain
\citep{rappaport2000} and cause more damage because of sustained hazardous
conditions \citep{rezapour2014}. Further, while the likelihood and extent of
flooding during a tropical cyclone is related to the tropical cyclone's
rainfall, it is also driven by factors like top soil saturation and the
structure of the water basin's drainage network \citep{chen2015, rees2001}.
However, we did find a small set of tropical cyclone for which for which
agreement between metrics were unusually high (e.g., Floyd in 1999, Irene in
2011, Hannah in 2008, Bertha in 1996) For this set of tropical cyclones, the
tropical cyclones' persistent proximity to water may have helped maintain wind
speeds in similar patterns to rain and distance exposures, resulting in this
moderate to good agreement among exposure assessments based on different
metrics. 

In our results, wind-based exposure had a strong coastal pattern, with almost
all exposures in counties within about 200 kilometers (124 miles) of the
coastline. This is consistent with the
dramatic decrease in wind intensity that typically characterizes the landfall
of tropical cyclones. Exposures by rain- and distance-based metrics often extended further inland compared to the wind-based
metric, up to the Appalachian mountains. This agrees with previous research
indicating that the Appalachian mountains' topography both enhances
precipitation during tropical cyclones and provides hydrological conditions for
severe flooding \citep{rees2001}.  Almost all tornado-based exposures were in
southern coastal states. This pattern echoes
previous findings that most noteworthy tropical cyclone-related tornadoes occur
on the right-side of the tropical cyclone track in Atlantic Basin U.S. storms
\citep{moore2012}.

The tropical cyclone exposure averages shown in Figure
\ref{fig:averageexposure} are limited as estimates of long-term frequencies, as
tropical cyclones follow decadal patterns \citep{kossin2007more} likely not
adequately captured in the available data. However, these frequency maps,
together with evidence from specific tropical cyclones (Figures
\ref{fig:ivanexposure} and \ref{fig:jaccard}),  do illustrate the potential for
strong differences in spatial patterns in tropical cyclone exposures, depending
on which tropical cyclone hazards are considered. A few previous studies have
sought to determine county-level exposure to tropical cyclones over multi-year
periods, including \citet{zandbergen2009}, which estimated exposure in U.S.
counties to all U.S.  landfalling Atlantic basin tropical cyclones between 1851
and 2003, using both a distance-based metric and a metric that combined
distance and windspeed, and \citet{kruk2010}, which explored exposure to
hurricane-related winds in the U.S., including inland areas, for 1900--2008.
Our results suggest that such exposure assessments may perform well in
capturing some tropical cyclone hazards (e.g., wind), but likely miss other
potentially dangerous tropical cyclone exposures, especially for hazards that
repeatedly threaten northern or inland counties (e.g., rain, flooding).
 
\subsection*{Software}

To assist with future tropical cyclone studies, we created and published
open source software to accompany this article \citep{hurricaneexposure,
hurricaneexposuredata}. Many previous studies have used geographical
information system software (e.g., ArcGIS) to assess exposure to tropical
cyclones in the U.S. \citep{grabich2016, zandbergen2009, czajkowski2011,
kruk2010}. Here, we offer methods to map and output historic exposure to
tropical cyclones that does not require the use of proprietary software but
instead uses a package written in the R statistical programming language
\citep{R}, which is free and open-source.

In addition to providing tropical cyclone exposure metrics for individual
hazards, this software and data also allow users to create tropical cyclone
exposure profiles based on multiple hazards or craft exposure indices that
combine hazard metrics \citep{chakraborty2005population, peduzzi2009assessing}.
This ability can be critical, as different hazards of tropical cyclones
often act synergistically in causing impacts \citep{smith2009}. Further, by
including measurements of different hazard exposures in each county for each
tropical cyclone, this software allows for the development of more complex
exposure indices or models (e.g., random forests, multivariable generalized
linear models) that incorporate multiple tropical cyclone hazard measurements.  

In creating this hurricane exposure dataset, we aimed for data that are
reliable, available for all eastern U.S. counties, and have no missing data
within available dates. Further, we have investigated how well these data
correspond with data from other available sources (Figures S7--11). However,
there are still some important limitations. For example, for a few tropical cyclones, 
the model-based wind data might differ from post-storm analysis of wind radii
(e.g., Figure S10), and the re-analysis rainfall data seems to sometime oversmooth
very extreme precipitation (Figure S8). 
The flood and tornado data
came from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA's) Storm
Events database, which, while a widely-used database of events maintained by
NOAA, is based on reports, and so may be prone to underreporting
\citep{Ashley2008flood, Curran2000}, especially in less populated areas
\citep{Witt1998, Ashley2007}, as well as to other reporting errors. While these
are important limitations, we selected these data sources as among the best
currently available for measuring each of these hazards at a multi-county,
multi-year scale.

\subsection*{Conclusions}

Previous research has highlighted the range of impacts that tropical cyclones
can have in U.S. communities. However, studies have varied widely in how they assess
exposure to tropical cyclones for exposure, health impact, and other impact
studies, in some cases using distance to the tropical cyclone's track as a
surrogate metric of exposure to a tropical cyclone's hazards. Here we found
large differences in which counties are exposed to different hazards of
tropical cyclones and that distance is, at best, a moderate, and often a very
poor, surrogate for exposure to the specific tropical cyclone hazards of high
wind, extreme rainfall, flooding, and tornadoes. Use of distance as a surrogate
for any of these hazards could lead to exposure misclassification and, in the
case of tropical cyclone risk and impact studies, including epidemiological
studies, result in biased estimates.  Similarly, if such studies disagree on
their findings, it could result from the often poor agreement between exposure
classifications based on these different metrics, making studies that use
different metrics hard to compare or combine in meta-analyses. Our findings
highlight the importance of clarifying the potential pathway from tropical
cyclone hazards to health impacts when conducting tropical cyclone
epidemiological studies and basing exposure assessment on measurements of these
hazards. To help with this, we provide extensive tropical cyclone
hazard-related measurements for a large collection of historical Atlantic-basin
cyclones, aggregated at the county level to align with the spatial scale at
which much health-related data is collected.
